[Notifications] Clarify plan requirements and instructions (#4131)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/fundamentals/notifications/create-notifications/create-pagerduty.md

# Configure PagerDuty

> {{<Aside>}}
> 
> This feature is only available if your account has at least one Business or Enterprise zone. For more information, see our [plans page](https://www.cloudflare.com/teams-pricing/).
> 
> {{</Aside>}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<Aside type="note">}}

This feature is only available if your account has at least one zone on a Business or higher plan. For more information, see our [plans page](https://www.cloudflare.com/plans/).

{{</Aside>}}
```
